well howdy there internet people is Bo
again I'm back I'm sorry I've been
absent we got caught in a little
rainstorm
I might have seen it on the TV a
hurricane Michael hit us at a four here
that was a surprise we weren't really
expecting it to hit this far inland with
that much strength just so everybody
knows I saw the comments thank you very
much the house is fine the shops fine
everybody's fine the dogs are fine
everything's okay
had a lot of tree has fallen lost power
stuff like that there are a lot of
people to the south of me who are in a
bad way though so this is the perfect
time to talk about natural disasters
government response to natural disasters
and what you can do so you don't have to
rely on the government response you know
one of the things that has become a huge
problem in the aftermath of disasters is
looting and it's not the looting that
has actually become the problem the
problem is the law enforcement response
to looting includes shutting down the
county now what that means is that
volunteers can't come in to help and
that that is causing a real problem we
had one local county to the south of me
do that people that I knew participated
in relief efforts and Harvey could not
get in and these were these were people
that that could have done a lot of good
especially that first day and they they
were not allowed in and that that's an
issue
now the reason cops do this is partially
by a media propaganda now after every
disaster the helicopter flies over and
they find typically a black family that
is looting you know carrying bread and
food water you know because that's
looting and I'll go ahead and tell you
this right now that's
that's surviving in the event of a
natural disaster like that I cannot
judge somebody harshly for that but
normally that's what you see and they
make a big deal out of it people are
looting now the reason they started
making a big deal out of it was after
Katrina when the government response was
lacking they wanted to show that what
people had to resort to and there were
definitely some unusual tones to some of
the coverage if it was a black family
they were looting if it was a white
family they had found food you can look
back and see that it's very blatant
anyway but let's talk about real living
and let's talk about what the sheriff or
the law enforcement of an area of a
jurisdiction is actually saying when
they close down their County because of
the threat of looting now I know they're
cops and they pretty much believe
everybody's criminal so we'll give them
two to one let's say that for everyone
rescue worker that's going to come in
there are two people looting and those
two people looting each one of them has
a van and our rescue worker he's only
going to stay one day and he's going to
leave at lunch after he saves one person
looters do not go to people's home
during a natural disaster and conduct
home invasions it doesn't happen that's
not what they do they go hit whatever
unoccupied big-box store that has the
power down and there's no alarm that's
what they hit so let's say that those
two looters fill those vans up top to
bottom TVs computers everything anything
they get their hands on a guy
so what law enforcement is saying is the
two van Fools of whet TVs are worth more
than your life
that's really what they're saying in the
event of a natural disaster protecting
the inventory of some large corporation
should pretty much be at the bottom of
any law enforcement agencies list that
is not a high priority but because of
that
and that may sound dramatic but we got a
thousand people missing
just south of me and a whole lot of them
are from the county that closed down now
I got to wonder how many of those could
have been found that first day when they
weren't letting people that so now here
we are a week into it I've still yet to
see FEMA
I saw one Red Cross truck the only
federal agency that I have actually seen
was Border Patrol and they were getting
out they were leaving they were
evacuating now while I'm sitting here
trashing the government response I do
want to point out that Florida National
Guard it seemed like they were on scene
before the wind stopped they did a great
job and they showed up you could tell
these guys were these guys were rousted
and I mean some of you tell their
Floridians you know something they got
their play carriers on and shorts you
know completely out of regs but it
didn't matter because they were doing
the job and they were handing out food
water were there to to help people that
needed it there are probably a lot of
people that made it that would not have
if it hadn't been for them and them
showing up as quickly as they did so but
it is a state agency and Florida's
National Guard is well let's just say
he's a little different
anyway so the end result is you can't
count on the government response you
can't in fact some of the things that
your government agencies may do will
make it worse for you so what can you do
if you watch these videos often you know
normally there's a whole bunch of bags
back here they're not there right now
because they're in the house putting
together a a kit a bag for emergencies
is something that every family she
there are a lot of people that would not
be in as bad a situation as they are had
they done that simple things you know
little flashlights stuff like that just
have it all in one spot and the thing is
when people read one of these lists the
stuff that's supposed to be in one of
these bags they're like well I have all
this you do but it's spread all over
your house you won't be able to find it
take it put it together I'm gonna put
some links in the comments that will
help people put one of these bags
together and I'll put a couple of them
for different budget levels do it take
the time it doesn't take long it's not a
it's not a big process we're not talking
about building a bunker and preparing
for doomsday we're just talking about
enough to survive a week or two until
things normalize and it's not hard and
it's really not that expensive and trust
me we opened almost every one of those
bags that we needed something out of it
so definitely take take the time to do
it if you're not going to read the
article short version you need food
water fire shelter medical supplies and
a knife
and when I say medical supplies I don't
just mean a first-aid kit if somebody in
your family is on daily meds you need to
have more than you know you need to have
a couple weeks of those extra in that
bag because pharmacies will not be open
anyway so just a thought please please
take the time to read it to put one of
those bags together anyway y'all have a
good night